Erictr/inkv2 (#195)
BonsaiAI/bonsaiai.github.io: source/includes/examples/_energyplus.html.md

[**Download the full source code on GitHub**][1] if you want to run this simulator locally. If you want to run EnergyPlus remotely on the Bonsai Platform as a managed simulator, create a new BRAIN selecting the EnergyPlus demo on [beta.bons.ai][4].

In this example, we'll walk you through the statements that are part of a sample implementation of [EnergyPlus][2] on the Bonsai Platform. This is a real-world example of how to use the Bonsai Platform for HVAC control using BCVTB and EnergyPlus.

> While this BRAIN is training, the Bonsai AI Engine invokes the EnergyPlus simulator for every episode. The *energyplus_simulator.py* then drives the simulator forward a step at a time until it finishes the episode and then resets it for the next episode, driving the actions into it and sending state results back to the Bonsai AI Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this BRAIN is training, the Bonsai AI Engine invokes the EnergyPlus simulator for every episode. *energyplus_simulator.py* then drives the simulator forward a step at a time until it finishes the episode and then resets it for the next episode, driving actions into it and sending states back to the Bonsai AI Engine.
```

## Inkling File

###### Types

```inkling2
const minIrradiation: Number.Int32 = 0
const maxIrradiation: Number.Int32 = 10
type SimState {
    SolarIrradiation: Number.Int32<minIrradiation .. maxIrradiation>
}
```

> The `SimState` type describes the value returned from the Python simulation's `advance` method to the BRAIN. We have added constants to demonstrate how they can be optionally used. They can be used in all or none of the types you define.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SimState` type describes the value returned from the Python simulation's `simulate` method to the BRAIN. We have added constants to demonstrate how they can be used in defining types. 
```
